A Good morning, game theory, how may I help you today? Yeah, good morning, my name is Maggie Shutter calling from Oracle. Okay, yeah, this is regarding 16th. We are conducting tournament and we book weekend sports from morning seven to one. Okay, so out of that 36 hours which we booked, so 3 hours already booked by someone external people. And I do not know why the communication gap, why they have not blocked those 3 hours. I sent one mail also. To whom you have? I sent mail to Lilith.
B Lilith.
A Okay. And one more thing is in our company itself, lifetime members of Wikipedia sports Academy are there in our company. Okay, so those people are see, because they want two course on Saturday morning from six to around 11:00 they want two course already. And they are having a big group and they are planning to do some sort of. Because they want to play on weekends. Obviously lifetime members want to play on weekend only. They cannot come and play on others. So their group may they have decided all the lifetime members please turn up on Saturday morning. Kirky, they are bringing one campaign also. So I don't think how you people are going to manage. You people are booking for us and at the same time some other external people are booking and lifetime members are there. I don't want any conflict on that day. Whatever is there, you people handle it in a nice way. Because we want peace of mind while playing. We don't want to come up with these fights and all that is the reason the person you are speaking with. Hello.
B Yeah, tell me.
A Sir, even though we requested for. Hello. Yeah, who is this? Sir, I'll do one thing, I'll inform her to call you back. Give me a mobile number. Sir, they say this number 8015-8015-7703-9603-96 my name is nagish for Rao and just I am telling information wise. You pass the information clearly to her. Fine, she'll call you back.
B Okay.
A Yes. Corporate connection, which this one locations are you selected for? Weekly sports game theory. Game theory, VK Sports. Okay, she'll call you immediately.
B Okay. All he'll call you, right, sir.
