A Hello, how may I help you today?
B Yeah, I just wanted to inquire about the swimming classes. I wanted to know what are the class timings, what are the batches for ladies and all?
A There is no batches for ladies. First of all, it's common map for men and women. Okay, first thing, and secondly is we have two plans available at the moment. One is for six months valid for 48 classes called gold plan which cost you 17,999. And second, we have a silver plan which cost you for 11,999 valid for two months. 24 classes.
B Okay, okay. 24 classes you said. And it's not valid for twelve months. Sorry, two months. Right, two months. And quick question in between, if I have to take a break of like four or five days, will that be accommodated?
A No, I think one day we can accommodate not more than that. You take more than one week. Two week, it will be difficult for you again.
B But the thing is, when I get my period like that time, I cannot come for the class for that one week.
A Okay, one week. Okay. You can talk and you can speak to the coach and inform them and about this, they will help.
B Okay, so where is this exactly? Is it like behind the EGL, the road that goes to Yemlur?
A Yeml, yeah, that's right.
B Okay. And can I come visit today and see?
A Definitely you can come and visit, ma'am. Okay. You'll have one free trial also if you want I can arrange a free trial also if you want to come and see it.
B Sure, that would be really helpful. Let me just come and see.
A Yeah, I'll take down the details. Just send me the details. 1 minute.
B Sorry, you didn't mention the class time.
A Yeah, classes timing would be from six in the morning till twelve noon. Again from two to ten. Ma'am. 02:00 p.m. To 10:00 p.m..
B Okay, so if I want to come at 630, would that be okay? Or six to seven is one batch?
A Yeah, fine. No, we start from six to six. Seven against after seven to 750 or whatever it is.
B Bhagishri. B h a g y a.
A Bhagishri. Your mobile number to this number only.
B 7986 double eight four, six.
A Repeat that, just type in the number.
B Sorry. 7986 double eight.
A Okay. Seven, nine. After that an email address, ma'am.
B Sherman. Only. Sixteen. S h a r m a. Sharma. No, n I.
